LOVE AND PAIN
You just don't understand what it is to suffer until you've been on your knees, struggling to get some air into your lungs as the hurt they've caused you constricts your throat like a noose, squeezing out every sliver of hope left in you to survive. Often, people get away with hurting you. So easily. But as a victim, you're left by yourself crawling to discover mechanisms to cope through. We live in an oddly built world where if you speak out loudly about your hurt, you're labelled weak or attention seeking and if you bury it silently without having to deal with it, you're labelled a coward. 
Love - the cause of all hurt. If you don't love, you can't be hurt. But if you aren't loved, then you certainly are hurting. It makes you shut out everything and everyone for so long that the empty feeling of vulnerability sweeps across your chest every now and then, reminding you of what usually follows close behind love- pain. Pain is the root of all anguish. Pain is what pushes you to an edge. You stand on the edge of the cliff, praying that someone will find you and stop you from the free fall at the same time wishing that no one is there to witness your spiral. Pain is a paradox within itself. As various situations roll out in front of you at your lowest, the pain chips at your soul piece by piece and continues to feed off of it until there's no distinct piece of you as an individual left. You have no idea running through your mind except praying that it's not too late to climb back. The mediocre existence of the flesh seems to be in vain when you lose what makes you YOU. As hurt storms into your life without your knowledge, knocking down the walls you've built around your heart and trying to rear its head and prove its presence at every step of your way, it makes you lose hope. And loss of hope means the death of the soul.

COSMIC SERENDIPITY
As the setting sun paints the sky pink,
I blow tenderly on my diary to dry the ink.
Beautiful phrases drip down my pen, 
As I reminisce the glimpses of heaven. 
I look at the clouds and ask myself,
Is there anything more beautiful than this?
My skin replies, "His touch, my darling"
"The touch that glides so tenderly"

Solitude surrounds the dark night,
As the headlights of his car glow bright. 
The midnight skies come alive, 
As the love equations we derive.
I look at the moon and ask myself,
Is there anything more beautiful than this?
My eyes reply, "His smile, my darling"
"The smile that intoxicates you so warmly"

A love so theoretical, 
A chemistry so rhetorical…
An obsession so twisted; 
An addiction so hardly resisted…
Falling, drowning and fiending...
In this cosmic serendipity, 
I find hope and its meaning…

MORPHED LOVE
Hungry for one more of the devil's kiss,
Gladly satiated in the erotic bliss
Like the softest caress of a feather 
He touches me and I wither...

As these feelings push me off the cliff
I plunge into oblivion as I catch his whiff 
Trusting his arms to catch me in the dive
Hoping my rotten heart is now alive

Kissing under the stars that barely glow
A language only our hearts know
A passion only our souls recognise 
Undying devotion for him, I now realise

This fire burning between him and me
So, is this how love is supposed to be?

FEMININE POWER
Born as a baby girl,
To be a woman I was raised,
Deeply loved, cared and embraced...

Yet, not all places were a haven...
Groped on the streets,
Enslaved in the sheets,
Belittled by the crowd,
Fear of being wrapped in the shroud...
I screamed and begged everyone in my view
To come for my rescue

And when no one did,
 I stood on my own feet
I held my head high, shoulders squared
I've taught myself, for nothing I shall be scared
I am a wizard, I am the magic
I am the moment, I am unique

There's nothing in this world as special as a woman
We hold the power to bring in lives
We are not just meant to be mere wives
In being a woman, I take vanity
We become tough, learning from calamity

HELL'S FURY
I have loved you from the start
Miles of distance never kept us apart
Waiting for you with presumed opinion
My mind slipping into innocent oblivion

And now you say you never loved me 
All the infatuation was just an illusion 
You've filled my mind with commotion

Yet...
You aren't too late to find your next prey 
And I see red when I see her hips sway 
Your hands explore her in front of me 
And I want to explode because it isn't me

This is all a game to you
And I should have warned
Darling, I bet you never knew
Hell, hath no fury like a woman scorned

WHEN MY YEARNING FOUND A HOME
I've waited for you for so long
A trepidant yearning for where I belong
As hopelessness now earns a quick demise 
I find my home in the depths of your eyes

And now we're looking at the same moon 
We're kissing under the same stars
You're holding me here in your arms
As you trail sweet kisses over my palms

Writing poems on my skin with your tongue
Marking me yours as you grip my hip 
Like the filthiest lyrics in the sweetest song 
All of my carnal screams you lazily sip

I would empty my veins for you to fill me
I drown in your touch and I forget to breathe
Pawns of cosmic destiny, you've found me
This little soul of mine, for you, I unsheathe

THE SONG OF FIRE AND ICE
They don't see what I see when I look into your eyes
The fire inside you burnS my soul like a surprise

Always the poet, but never the muse
But under your gaze, I turn into poetry
Always a want, but never the need 
But within your touch, I find an alchemy

Whispered promises under the stars
Filthy desires erasing my scars
With a passion that transcends all acrimony
Our bodies collide in a perfect symphony 

They don't see what I see when I look into your eyes
You and I forever dance to the song of fire and ice

FICKLE, FRAIL HEART
Oh fickle, frail heart
You'll never learn
The love that you chase
Will only let you burn

The world is never ready for the way you love
So full passion and a blazing intensity
The world can never measure the way you love 
So full of warmth and a searing absurdity 

There is love in holding,
There is love in letting go...
So sometimes I hold him like he's the air I breathe,
And sometimes I let go because it hurts like a knife out of sheath...

And so, when I say I love you, 
He'll never fathom its weight 
For a love like this,
An eternity is worth the wait...

ONE NIGHT OF BLISS
Let's kiss for once and say goodbye
I'd want to see you again 
But my desires will feel awry

Skeptic hearts trying to get a feel
You look at me and my layers start to peel
Unsteady hands trying to steal a hold
You touch me and my dreams turn to real

With a passion that burns my soul
One night of bliss, we get high on the roll
Let's make love and say goodbye
The ghost of our intimacy
I'll forever testify

UNQUENCHED FIRE
Into the eternal void of darkness
As the smoke flows out of my lips
Feral thoughts, hard to harness
Cause a familiar tingling in my hips

I shut my eyes, breathe in and out deeply
Willing myself not to surrender 
To those stealthy thoughts creeping slowly

Engulfed within the crutches of lonesome
I stand alone on the verge of falling
Overwhelming chills, warmth defying
I keep thinking all the time and then some

I burn with fire
A passion that fills my entire
But your absence pours down
In your memories, I'll forever drown 

FICTITIOUS DREAMS
I once read a quote that said, "Truth is strange, often stranger than fiction." But there is also another that says, "The truth shall set you free." How strange it is that we seek fictional stories, scenarios and happenings to escape from reality when accepting the reality is what brings peace to our mind. While fiction offers us a window of freedom where we can envision all our fantasies, reality brings us back like the sound of raindrops against that very window. We are engulfed in this conflict between fiction and truth, therefore blurring the fine line that separates them. Sometimes both of those words are so inextricably meshed within the deepest seats of our minds and it takes us a moment to differentiate what is what.
Fiction brings with it the freedom to write down your own versions of life, helping us wipe the burdens of reality. We so hopelessly cling to this freedom so that we can take a minute to catch our breath in this hustling and bustling world. And in that process, we often attribute physical traits to the word – freedom and tend to forget the mental, emotional and spiritual dimensions of it. Freedom isn't just the ability to utilize free will without someone questioning it. Freedom begins right at the conception of such will - where your mind isn't being questioned in the first place. Right at this juncture is a conundrum born. 'What about conscience?' Are we truly free if we have our conscience questioning each of our decisions, weighing the pros and cons, tailoring our paths to perfection? Aren't we all somehow tied up by the shackles of our conscience? So in that case when do we have true freedom?

GHOST OF A SPARK
Looking up at the place where we found each other 
So at peace even though we have a million things to bother

We take a small walk and stop to smoke
We look into each other's eyes
And unholy thoughts start to evoke 

Then,
You almost forget 
To light my cigarette
So, I stand there looking at you with a smile
And it takes you a little while
You pull out the lighter 
The flame between us burns brighter

But now, 
Intimacy feels like a distant fantasy
Touching someone else feels like heresy
Oh, how the nights feel so bleak without you
All these raging desires, I fight to bid adieu

THE CALM IN THE STORM
Walking into a raging storm
Just to find some solace
I step out of this void I built myself
Away from the haunting tranquil space 

The deafening silence tears me apart
I'm left with nothing but racing thoughts 
So I seek comfort in the storm
The roars that rip my notions into noughts 

Now my mind carries a vacuum
The murderous storm 
Fills my lungs with a poisonous fume
I find peace within the thunder
The thrilling fear
Fills my blood with awe and wonder 

I am changed through this very storm
I surpass the crutches of the worldly norm
Dare not ask me why I walk in silence
The boisterous storm within me 
Just makes infinite sense

POISONED SANCTUARY
You touch me
Like I'm everything you asked God for 
I feel you within
Like you are the world's greatest wonder 

Your presence lingers in my heart 
A memory of the bloodiest kiss 
Piercing my body like the sharpest dart
A fantasy of the eternal bliss 

A sugar-coated poison
I look at you and lose my poise and
In the darkest night like a beacon
In your embrace I'm strengthened

LOSE YOU TO LOVE ME
Fighting with you, for you,
Yet I fight with my own self
Without you, my mind is askew
I am nothing but a shell

The allure of romance
Overpowering my reason
Your silent demands
Overindulging my season

How many times do I have to lose
Before I can love?
How many hurts do I have to endure
Before I can move?

Every moment I've been holding on
You've only drained my energy
You've crushed my spirit 
Made my mind creep into lethargy 

I have missed you 
Much longer than I've last kissed you
Now I just wait and hope
That my mornings won't start with you

REDEMPTION FROM REVERIE
As the mediocre desires of flesh
Rot me from within
The umpteen demands rise afresh
And ruin me into nothing

As the sizzling lust tethers to my skin
Drowning me deeper into the ocean
I lap around with flailing hands
Trying to get air into my lungs
Wondering where my existence belongs
And so, I fail to see what I've become...

Drenched in reverie
With a heart filled with agony
Unable to conjure some bravery
I yearn to make out of this gluttony
Can't you see?
I don't want you to give up on me...

LOVE WILL COME AND SO WILL PAIN
Without love,
There's no pain...
I've wandered cities
Rummaged through towns
Love is absent but not pain
And all my efforts were just in vain…

Without pain,
There's no love…
I've trusted blindly
Sacrificed my heart and sanity
Pain is present but not love
And I pray for solace to the God above 

But I know that one day,
Love will come and so will pain
Love will hurt and pain will slay
Love will hold with sweet things said
Pain will kiss with gestures unmade

KILLING MY FLESH
As the agony tears apart my strength
As the anguish steals my breath
As I latch on to the crutches of hope
Trying not to fall on the steep slope

I lay on my bed in suffering
Infinite thoughts in my brain swirling 
I search everywhere for a company
Failing at it, I feel so lonely 

Shame on me, shame on my sanity
I defiled my body with vanity
It's fruit now killing me from the inside
Maybe I'll give it all up, I can't decide

The blood of my blood
The flesh of my flesh
Now flushed down the drain
Leaving me in excruciating pain 